Migrate Big Query dialect implementation from the virtual-schemaS repository (#2)
exasol/bigquery-virtual-schema: doc/user_guide/bigquery_user_guide.md

-------------------|-----------|---------------------------|-------------------
BOOLEAN            |  ✓        | BOOLEAN                   | 
BYTES              |  ×        |                           | 
DATE               |  ✓        | DATE                      | 
DATETIME           |  ✓        | TIMESTAMP                 | 
FLOAT              |  ✓        | DOUBLE                    | Expected range for correct mapping: -99999999.99999999 .. 99999999.99999999. 
GEOGRAPHY          |  ✓        | VARCHAR(65535)            |
INTEGER            |  ✓        | DECIMAL(19,0)             | 
NUMERIC            |  ✓        | VARCHAR(2000000)          | 
RECORD/STRUCT      |  ×        |                           | 
STRING             |  ✓        | VARCHAR(65535)            | 
TIME               |  ✓        | VARCHAR(16)               | 
TIMESTAMP          |  ✓        | TIMESTAMP                 | Expected range for correct mapping: 1582-10-15 00:00:01 .. 9999-12-31 23:59:59.9999. JDBC driver maps dates before 1582-10-15 00:00:01 incorrectly.  Example of incorrect mapping: 1582-10-14 22:00:01 -> 1582-10-04 22:00:01

> If you need to use currently unsupported data types or find a way around known limitations, please, create a github issue in the [VS repository](https://github.com/exasol/virtual-schemas/issues).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you need to use currently unsupported data types or find a way around known limitations, please, create a github issue in the [VS repository](https://github.com/exasol/bigquery-virtual-schema/issues).
```
